This module will have a look at our X J.S. because angular uses this library a lot.
And it's important to understand how it works.
Now starting with Anglo-German 6 and you can check which word in your project is using any packaged
adjacent fall starting with the words an angler uses are ex-GI s words and six.
Now the two libraries are generally not connected but in some way they are angular uses to a lot.
Now starting with our next guest worked in six DS syntax you use our x yes differs slightly and at the
end of this module all show you how to easily update.
We're not so much talking about the general features Sendak's but about how you import things.
This is why a single VDU at the end of this module will suffice.
The way you use observables doesn't change at all.
Now you still use that older way of importing things which you'll see from the course.
You simply need to install one additional package with NPM install dash dash save our x.
Yes Dasch compact.
Now our ex-chief Yes dash compact will unlock all the old imports in Texas you see in those cores and
they will ensure that all of the code you see works exactly as you see it on the screen.
If you want to work without that package again at the end of this module I will show you how to get
rid of it and use that modern new imports index.
But now let's dive into our exchange.
Because the way this works and the way we have to think about it didn't change a bit.